feat(docs):  add encrypt, decrypt, fromIon and kv functions to pebble function doc (#1856)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/05.concepts/expression/04.function.md

If you were using Kestra in a version prior to [v0.18.0](../../../blogs/2024-08-06-release-0-18.md), this function used to be named `json()`. We've renamed it to `fromJson` for more clarity. The renaming has been implemented in a non-breaking way — using `json()` will raise a warning in the UI but it will still work.
::

## kv

The `kv` function will retrieve the value for the given key from the KV store.

```twig
{{ kv('my_key') }}
```

> By default, it will search for the key within the same namespace to which the flow belongs. And in case, the key is not found in the namespace, it will return the value as `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it will search for the key within the same namespace as the flow. If the key is not found in the namespace, it will return the value as `null`.
```

> In OSS, key will be searched in the same namespace as the flow. However, in EE, you can specify the namespace which should be used to retrieve the value for the key. You can provide namespace as a parameter to the `kv` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OSS, the key will be searched in the same namespace as the flow. However, in EE, you can specify the namespace which should be used to retrieve the value for the key. You can provide namespace as a parameter to the `kv` function.
```

1. retrieve the secret `GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN` from an environment variable `SECRET_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN`
2. base64-decode it at runtime.

## yaml

The `yaml` function will convert any string to an object allowing to access its properties.

```twig
"{{ yaml('foo: [666, 1, 2]').foo[0] }}"
{# results in: '666' #}

> {{ yaml(yaml_object) | jq(...) | yaml }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"{{ yaml(yaml_object) | jq(...) | yaml }}"
```

Reviewer: Can you actually give this example some dummy data so it works? replace `yaml_object` and the `...` in `jq`.

Reviewer: @shrutimantri tagging for visibility
